make guide work with example data (#237)
vespa-engine/cloud: migrating-from-elastic-search-to-vespa.md

$ python3 ./ES_Vespa_parser.py --application_name application bank_data.json bank_mapping.json
 ```

> The document ids in `documents.json` will be like `id:application:_doc::1`,
> the directory has now an `application` folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will generate documents in a `documents.json` file where each document has IDs like this `id:application:_doc::1`. It also generated an `application` folder that contains the Vespa application configuration.
```
